ReadMe.md, before:

## This is the github repository for our digital programs

- Please select the date of the hack night you are attending to get the current digital program, or select a past date for a previous hack night's digital program

## Major links

- [Hack Night Orientation Guide](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1hwN9_HZ6jsnifv9BGSwOY2iXBW2XKXNKftGBz3Vzx3Y/edit#slide=id.p)

## Rules, Code of Conduct, Etc

### Diversity, Inclusion, and Code of Conduct:

Code for Milwaukee aims for its events to be inclusive Safe Spaces and has a zero-tolerance policy for harassment or discrimination. By attending, you agree to Code for America's Code of Conduct, located at
https://github.com/codeforamerica/codeofconduct

### Photo Release:

I understand that Code for Milwaukee would like to document my participation through the use of photographs, video, and other media (collectively, the “Documentation”). Such Documentation may capture images of my participation and my project. This permission for release, without compensation or prior notice, would allow Code for Milwaukee to use such Documentation for educational and marketing purposes. I hereby freely and voluntarily consent to the use and publication of my name, participation, picture, and/or likeness by Code for Milwaukee for this event, including through the distribution, display, transmitting, marketing or publication of such Documentation. Code for Milwaukee may use any medium as technology may now or in the future allow, including, but not limited to, videotape, audiotape, pod casting, web casting, film, photograph, television, digital, internet, theater, or exhibition. I further waive any claims against Code for Milwaukee based upon or related to its use or publication of my likeness, voice, participation, and/or picture. I freely give this authorization without expectation of compensation. If I see a published photograph of my likeness that I would like removed, I can email core-team@codeformilwaukee.org.

## Website

Back to the [Code For Milwaukee website](https://codeformilwaukee.org)

Commit message:

please; no campaigning or soliciting at CfM events
Relates to https://github.com/codeformilwaukee/hack-night-planning/issues/126

ReadMe.md, after:

## This is the github repository for our digital programs

- Please select the date of the hack night you are attending to get the current digital program, or select a past date for a previous hack night's digital program

## Major links

- [Hack Night Orientation Guide](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1hwN9_HZ6jsnifv9BGSwOY2iXBW2XKXNKftGBz3Vzx3Y/edit#slide=id.p)

## Rules, Code of Conduct, Etc

### Diversity, Inclusion, and Code of Conduct:

Code for Milwaukee aims for its events to be inclusive Safe Spaces and has a zero-tolerance policy for harassment or discrimination. By attending, you agree to Code for America's Code of Conduct, located at
https://github.com/codeforamerica/codeofconduct

#### Campaigning and Solicitation 

- No campaigning is allowed at CfM events. We are a non-partisan organization; please do not distribute flyers or other campaign materials.
- We do not allow most forms of recruiting on the behalf of for-profit organizations at our events, with the possible exceptions in the cases where the event is sponsored by, hosted by, or features a presentation from a for-profit organization. We are a non-profit organization focused on improving Milwaukee's public services via open source technologies, so we ask that no recruiting is done during CfM events.
- If you have any questions about the above, please contact CfM. If in doubt of whether your actions may not be permissible, please refrain from those actions, or please get pre-approval from the CfM Core Team.
- If you have concerns about an attendee who you think may be running afoul of these rules, please bring this to the attention of the CfM Core Team members.


### Photo Release:

I understand that Code for Milwaukee would like to document my participation through the use of photographs, video, and other media (collectively, the “Documentation”). Such Documentation may capture images of my participation and my project. This permission for release, without compensation or prior notice, would allow Code for Milwaukee to use such Documentation for educational and marketing purposes. I hereby freely and voluntarily consent to the use and publication of my name, participation, picture, and/or likeness by Code for Milwaukee for this event, including through the distribution, display, transmitting, marketing or publication of such Documentation. Code for Milwaukee may use any medium as technology may now or in the future allow, including, but not limited to, videotape, audiotape, pod casting, web casting, film, photograph, television, digital, internet, theater, or exhibition. I further waive any claims against Code for Milwaukee based upon or related to its use or publication of my likeness, voice, participation, and/or picture. I freely give this authorization without expectation of compensation. If I see a published photograph of my likeness that I would like removed, I can email core-team@codeformilwaukee.org.

## Website

Back to the [Code For Milwaukee website](https://codeformilwaukee.org)
